docs: add release notes (#3682)
scalameta/metals: website/blog/2022-03-08-aluminium.md

- dependent modules
- projects classpath
- and many more

![display-build-target-info](https://i.imgur.com/XGyJEsl.gif)

## [vscode] View source jar files as virtual docs

Previously, when the client wanted to browse files in source jars source, these files were extracted and saved in the `metals/readonly/dependencies` directory. With the help of [virtual documents](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/virtual-documents) Metals can show you dependencies in readonly files without unnecessary copying.
Thanks [Arthurm1](https://github.com/Arthurm1) for this feature!

Together with Metals tab, this feature could be used to browse through your dependencies' sources. Just run the `Metals: Reveal Active File in Side Bar` command and browse through both dependencies and source code seamlessly.

![virtual-docs-navigation](https://imgur.com/HsuW8Hn.gif)

## Improve completions for Scala 3

Completion suggestions for different Scala keywords now work with most of the Scala 3 keywords. This includes for example `given` and `enum`, it should also work even if defining things in toplevel without a wrapping class or object.
![keyword-completions](https://i.imgur.com/4BUxCDK.gif)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another improvement for Scala 3 completions is better support for showing scope completions, when writing in an empty line. Previously, we would not show correct completions when no identifier was specified.

"""scala
object Foo:
  def bar: Int = 42
  def baz: Int =
    val x = 1
    val y = 2
  @@

In the above situation with cursor position indicated by `@@` we will now properly show `bar` and `baz` completions.

```

instead of `"""` we should use triple backtick

## [Test Explorer] Detect and run single tests for JUnit4

> We're actively working on improving the Test Explorer and getting it better with each release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're actively working on improving the Test Explorer and making it better with each release.
```

> From now on, Metals is able to run or debug single test in JUnit4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this release, Metals is able to run or debug single test in JUnit4.
```

Thanks [Arthurm1](https://github.com/Arthurm1) for this feature!

Together with Metals tab, this feature could be used to browse through your dependencies' sources. Just run the `Metals: Reveal Active File in Side Bar` command and browse through both dependencies and source code seamlessly.

![virtual-docs-navigation](https://imgur.com/HsuW8Hn.gif)

Currently, `Metals: Reveal Active File in Side Bar` works only for Scala 2.

## Improve completions for Scala 3

Completion suggestions for different Scala keywords now work with most of the Scala 3 keywords. This includes for example `given` and `enum`, it should also work even if defining things in toplevel without a wrapping class or object.
![keyword-completions](https://i.imgur.com/4BUxCDK.gif)

Another improvement for Scala 3 completions is better support for showing scope completions, when writing in an empty line. Previously, we would not show correct completions when no identifier was specified.

```scala
object Foo:
  def bar: Int = 42
  def baz: Int =
    val x = 1
    val y = 2

>     @@

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  @@
```
